stick around and I'll show you how to
make this yummy gluten-free chicken
parmesan 2 chicken breasts that I
pounded out with my rolling cream had
another piece of plastic on top cut the
two breasts in half so have four pieces
that's going to be plenty for us tonight
so what we're going to do now is we're
going to coat them an egg and breadcrumb
and find weapon a pan and I'll show you
that next day so I have 1 egg VM and a
bowl and a plate of gluten-free bread
crumbs this is what I'm using you can
use any bread crumbs you want you can
season your breadcrumbs so - my bread
crumbs I'm going to add a half a
teaspoon of Italian seasoning
and you need a cup of breadcrumbs I'm
just going to use my gluten-free bread
crumbs sparingly in any moral and orient
with more Italian seasoning I just don't
know you know they're expecting to take
my chicken dip it into the egg
get into a wreck our future
here and
let's bring it to the pan and start
frying them up two tablespoons of butter
in my pan melting some pasta their
spaghetti boiling get our chicken in
here
when your chickens all done browning add
1 and 3/4 cup of any marinara or
spaghetti sauce you wanna use
a cup of the pasta water from the
spaghetti and what you're going to do is
you're going to add about half of the
pasta water to it
you're gonna reduce this to low we're
gonna let this simmer for about ten
minutes and then we're going to sprinkle
the cheese's on top and let it simmer
again for another five if you notice
that your sauce is getting too thick
just add more of the pasta water
put some cheese on top of them some
shredded mozzarella
grated Parmesan cheese and we're going
to let that melt on top of there I'm
just going to turn it off put the top on
it should melt it so here's the chicken
parmesan gluten free pick your favorite
gluten-free pasta or go along with it I
paired it with a salad I look at that
and that's what we're having for dinner